index.md, before:

# Edinburgh (MD) Simulation Day 8th May 2017

## Description

The aim of the Edinburgh (MD) Simulation Day is to bring together practitioners of molecular dynamics simulations and beyond at the University of Edinburgh across different Schools in the College of Science as well as other universities in Edinburgh.   
If you have ever considered any of the following questions:   

*  Are there other researchers in Edinburgh using similar simulation techniques to me and if so what kind of scientific questions do they try to address?
*  Could I learn from researchers in other Schools how to address certain problems that require (MD) simulations?
*  What kind of (MD) simulation based research goes on in other schools?
*  I am looking for new collaboration that will involve (MD) simulations within the University of Edinburgh. 

Then, this meeting it is probably for your. The idea is to give an overview of what research in the area of simulations is carried out at the University of Edinburgh and facilitate future collaborations across the different schools. 

This event has been supported with an IAD New Network Award.

## Registration

If you are interested in registering for the half day event bringing various researches interested in (MD) simulations at the University of Edinburgh together, please click [here](https://goo.gl/forms/HgMDnuAQ70oFL1Ag2).   
Attendance is free since the event is kindly sponsored by the New Network Award of the Institute for Academic Development at the University of Edinburgh.   

Registration closes: **21st April 2017, 5pm.** 

## Schedule

1:30 Registration  
2:00 **Meet the School of Chemistry** *talk* (Dr Philip Camp)  
2:30 **Meet the School of Physics** *talk* (Prof Davide Marenduzzo)   
3:00 **Coffee break**   
3:30 **Meet the School of Mathematics** *talk* (Dr Ben Goddard)  
4:00 **Meet the School of Engineering** *talk* (Prof Jason Reese)   
4:30 **Scientific speed dating** -- a structured networking event  
5:30 **Networking** Drinks and snacks provided  
6:30 **Pub**, TBC


## Contact

If you have any questions please contact any of the organisers:   

**Marieke Schor** (School of Physics) mschor[at]ed.ac.uk  
**Toni Mey** (School of Chemistry) antonia.mey[at]ed.ac.uk  
**Ben Goddard** (School of Mathematics) b.goddard[at].ed.ac.uk

## FAQ

**Q:** I don't do molecular dynamics simulations but other kinds of simulations, is this meeting still for me?   
**A:** Yes, absolutely. Maybe this way new collaborations could even be formed.

Commit message:

Added location and changed speaker order

index.md, after:

# Edinburgh (MD) Simulation Day 8th May 2017

## Description

The aim of the Edinburgh (MD) Simulation Day is to bring together practitioners of molecular dynamics simulations and beyond at the University of Edinburgh across different Schools in the College of Science as well as other universities in Edinburgh.   
If you have ever considered any of the following questions:   

*  Are there other researchers in Edinburgh using similar simulation techniques to me and if so what kind of scientific questions do they try to address?
*  Could I learn from researchers in other Schools how to address certain problems that require (MD) simulations?
*  What kind of (MD) simulation based research goes on in other schools?
*  I am looking for new collaboration that will involve (MD) simulations within the University of Edinburgh. 

Then, this meeting it is probably for your. The idea is to give an overview of what research in the area of simulations is carried out at the University of Edinburgh and facilitate future collaborations across the different schools. 

This event has been supported with an IAD New Network Award.

## Registration

If you are interested in registering for the half day event bringing various researches interested in (MD) simulations at the University of Edinburgh together, please click [here](https://goo.gl/forms/HgMDnuAQ70oFL1Ag2).   
Attendance is free since the event is kindly sponsored by the New Network Award of the Institute for Academic Development at the University of Edinburgh.   

Registration closes: **21st April 2017, 5pm.** 

## Schedule

1:30 Registration  
2:00 **Meet the School of Engineering** *talk* (Prof Jason Reese)  
2:30 **Meet the School of Physics** *talk* (Prof Davide Marenduzzo)   
3:00 **Coffee break**   
3:30 **Meet the School of Mathematics** *talk* (Dr Ben Goddard)  
4:00 **Meet the School of Chemistry** *talk* (Dr Philip Camp)   
4:30 **Scientific speed dating** -- a structured networking event  
5:30 **Networking** Drinks and snacks provided  
6:30 **Pub**, TBC


## Location

University of Edinburgh - King's Buildings Campus   
James Clerk Maxwell Building (JCMB) -- room 5323 (Maths Common Room)

## Contact

If you have any questions please contact any of the organisers:   

**Marieke Schor** (School of Physics) mschor[at]ed.ac.uk  
**Toni Mey** (School of Chemistry) antonia.mey[at]ed.ac.uk  
**Ben Goddard** (School of Mathematics) b.goddard[at].ed.ac.uk

## FAQ

**Q:** I don't do molecular dynamics simulations but other kinds of simulations, is this meeting still for me?   
**A:** Yes, absolutely. Maybe this way new collaborations could even be formed.
